Still on [[The Rock of Bral]]. missing too many people, decided to do a side quest. We exit [[The Happy Beholder]] to be enveloped by a shadow. We open our eyes and find ourself in a large room with checkered tiles and a 10ft tall statue in the center. The statue is made of solid rock, has a gaping mouth and is missing an eye. He says "You ask too many questions, solve my 3 puzzles and be set free." We spent like 2 hours checking around the room, setting off traps, and trying to figure out what we're supposed to do. Finally [[Astrid]] had a cut that bled into the statue's mouth, which opened a slot in it's back releasing the gem. We socketed the gem into the missing eye slot and the door opened. The next room had a door with a symbol above showing numbers in a spiral counting down from 20 to 0. There were 20 ever-burning stone torches around the room that could not be moved, or put out. There was a button in the center of the room with a skeletal hand covering the top. It appears as if the man had died holding down the button so we assumed the button and countdown would cause us to die. [[Bex Berghold]] detected a withering spell that further raised our suspicions. Eventually we pressed the button and the countdown had begun. We had to keep holding the button to prevent the numbers from going down to 0. After about 40 minutes we ran out of ideas, and had discovered the the people had died from dehydration and it wasn't from the spell, so we decided to release the button and let the countdown continue. The lights were blue, then yellow, then red, then purple, then white as the numbers counted down from 20 to 0 each number snuffing out a torch. The number reached 0, we braced ourselves, and the door quietly opened. On the other side of the door, we found [[The Unknowable One]] who explained a bit more about the situation with [[Gepar]]. He gave us a sending tadpole to communicate with him once we had regrouped our party and regained our composure. Speak N'Gl'Toth and your message and he will respond quickly.

#Episode7-5 #Episode #FillerEpisode